Add notes on testing to developer doc (#113)
trixi-framework/libtrixi: docs/src/developers.md

   whether the current state of the repository is identical to the latest release or not.  
   The next development version is obtained by increasing the *patch* number and appending
   `-pre`. For example, if you just released version `v0.1.1`, the next development version
   would be `v0.1.2-pre`.

## Testing

### Testing the C-interface

For testing the C-interface part of libtrixi we rely on [GoogleTest](https://google.github.io/googletest).
The tests are contained in `cpp`-files located under `test/c`. They are processed by `cmake` and made available via
`ctest`, provided the options
```
-DENABLE_TESTING=ON -DJULIA_PROJECT_PATH=<libtrixi-julia_directory>
```

> were given. The executables can then be found under `<build_directory>/test/c` (they will not be installed). To run them execute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are passed to `cmake` during configuration
The executables can then be found under `<build_directory>/test/c` (they will not be installed). To run them, execute
```

```
ctest -V -R <regex>
```
from `<build_directory>/test/c` or the top-level directory `<build_directory>`.
The optional argument `-V` turns on verbose output, and `-R` lets you specify a regular expression to select specific tests.
A list of available tests can be obtained via `ctest -N`

> ### Testing the Fortran-interface
> 
> For testing the Fortran-interface part of libtrixi we rely on [test-drive](https://github.com/fortran-lang/test-drive),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Testing the Fortran interface

For testing the Fortran interface of libtrixi we rely on [test-drive](https://github.com/fortran-lang/test-drive),
```
As above?

which integrates with `cmake` and `ctest` as well. The tests are contained in `f90`-files under `test/fortran`. Usage is

> analogous to the C-interface part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
analogous to the C interface part.
```

> ### Testing the Julia part

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Testing the Julia interface
```
for consistency?

> For testing the Julia part `LibTrixi.jl` of libtrixi we rely on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For testing the Julia interface of libtrixi, which is contained in the Julia package `LibTrixi.jl`, we rely on
```

> [Julia's testing infrastructure](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/stdlib/Test/), i.e. there is a dedicated test project,
> located under `LibTrixi.jl/test`, which contains `runtest.jl` and further `jl`-files containing the actual tests. Invoke
> julia via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Julia's testing infrastructure](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/stdlib/Test/). There is a dedicated test project,
located under `LibTrixi.jl/test`, which contains `runtest.jl` and further `jl`-files containing the actual tests. Invoke
Julia via
```

```
JULIA_DEPOT_PATH=<julia-depot_directory> \
LIBTRIXI_DEBUG=all \
    julia --project=./LibTrixi.jl
```
and use
```
julia> import Pkg
julia> Pkg.test()

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```
JULIA_DEPOT_PATH=<julia-depot_directory> \
LIBTRIXI_DEBUG=all \
    julia --project=./LibTrixi.jl -e 'import Pkg; Pkg.test()'
```
~~~
Combine into a single command for easier copy pasting?
